Ah, my hand, I don't care.
It's my turn.
This is the last slap
This is this time.
Who am I?
I guess there are no restrictions on identity
Can you come here?
As long as you have a heart that loves charity
Anyone can
How much is your cheap heart worth?
Worthless
Then how much is your noble heart worth?
1 million me 2 million
2 million three generations of your ancestors
You don't even make enough 2 million security
I'll give twice as much as you give.
I 5 million your security to improve your lives
10 trillion
Did you say a fucking ten thousand words?
We are doing charity
Not a gimmick
OK
This is Mr. Xu
Just bought the royal family a few days ago
If you don't know
Let's get to know each other today
I also donate
I donated 20 million to thank Mr. Zhao for donating 20 million
Thank you Mr. Xu for your donation
50 million.
Shit so much so much
I told you how much you give
I give twice as much as you